Warning: Read Me is unfinished.
Pixie Engie started as an unnamed project for my Engine and Tools specialization course.

The goal is to have a simple engine that will support the creation of a basic spline related game by the end of February 2026.

Right now Pixie Engine is only compatible for Windows platforms that support openGL.
this repository has some external library dependancies that are not in the uploaded includes.
TODO: write clear instalation instructions and move as many include files as possible into the repository.

At the moment the Solution is set up so that there is a core Engine project, and then a SandBox template that holds editor code. I believe I am going to end up transfering to a three project set up where the game project is separated out from the editor and engine, but can use them as libraries.   

Pixie Engine is currently single threaded, though I hope to transition it to having audio, physics / object updating, and rendering on different threads.

About A Scene
Unrotated cameras look into the -Z axis with +X to the right and +Y is up.
-----------------------------------

THREADING ?

Threading strategy that I used in the dots project
main thread would thread collision
wait for those to be done
then thread the gameobject update and "pre render" 
	(if a dot was still alive after its update it sent its rendering data 
	to the renderer to be added to a pixel buffer)
after the threaded updates are complete the main loop tells the renderer to send the pixel buffer to the gpu to render the screen



the dots engine did not respond to user input...
	so for my engine I need to consider: 
	if an event happens mid threaded update what do I want to happen?
	Collect that event data to be processed after all the threading has completed
	then distribute it to appropriate systems before threading happens again?


	Systems I want or need in my engine

system for simulating playmode in editor
	wrap editor only behavior in an ifDef? 
	Debug builds can start with main func args to set wether it's editor or playmode?
	Release builds have editor mode things stripped out?

audio system

